Red
SDF
Kot Jesus
A strange smell
You may know
the sign that Worden windmill
가ienced
The sound of a string
the sound of a mar질
Set fire to the sleeping voice
What will you think
Until Progress
Hey, Seokusaku San
Every tomorrow I shall say goodbyes
Remembered Da volatile
I'm sure he'll die.
Don't say such things, Omitsu-san.
Kashiwada left the temple and died.
He's still alive.
He was saved by Omitsu-san's father.
He forgot that he was dead.
He's still alive.
Omitsu-san, I won't forget you.
Takeshi!
As I remember, he was our teacher!
He couldn't fall in love with a Enterprise,
The fly company to its glen
estyle
The girl had a
dark-skinned bust
The rain and damnation
Are dyeing the happiness of the silk
Let's say big thank you
Thank you for watching!